I tried to do handstands with you I
tried to do list
iPod Nano is the world's most popular
music player and with an all-new
aluminum design nine amazing colors and
great new features playing music and
video is now better than ever the large
bright screen makes it easy to see more
of your music at a glance so you can
quickly find the album or song you want
to hear cover flow is a great way to
browse your music library buy gorgeous
album cover art just rotate iPod Nano to
the left or right
simply flip through your albums select
it and pick the song you want to hear
ever listen to a song you love and one
of your other tracks that go great with
it now there's the genius feature just
press and hold the center button then
choose start genius it automatically
finds the songs in your library that go
great together and makes a genius
playlist for you to get a different set
of songs click refresh with the genius
feature on iPod Nano you can hear your
music in new ways wherever you go
there are also two new easy ways to find
your music just press and hold the
center button and you can browse by
album or artist choose browse album and
you'll quickly find other songs in that
album or click on browse artists and you
can see other albums by that same artist
now you can hear your music in a totally
random way with shake to shuffle just
give iPod Nano a shape and it shuffles
to a different song in your music
library
whenever you shake it you shake things
up
thanks to its large bright display video
on iPod nano
looks amazing no matter what you're
watching just rotate either way and it
all looks great in landscape mode with
nine amazing colors an omni design and
more great features the new ipod nano
rocks like you never before